Al-Hamid Afolabi

Ikeja G.R.A, 100001 Lagos
+2349023165613
tripplehay2007@gmail.com

Website, Portfolio, Profiles

alhamidportfolio.netlify.app
business-card-hamid.netlify.app
praizsports.com.ng

Education

Expected in May 2023
Towergate Private Schools Lagos, NG
High School Diploma

Professional Summary

Amenable Software Engineer gifted at translating basic client requirements into technical development plans. Communicates productively with both technical and non-technical personnel and clients. Friendly provider of deep programming knowledge and invaluable final products. Versatile Software Engineer talented at contributing to team-developed projects. Collaborative designer of useful solutions and perfectly customized products. Knowledgeable in programming and gifted at creating unique art. Complex problem-solver with analytical and driven mindset. Dedicated to achieving demanding development objectives according to tight schedules while producing impeccable code. Detail-oriented, organized and meticulous employee. Works at fast pace to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic team player ready to contribute to company success.

Accomplishments

Provided enhancements which reduced the number of clicks within the applicant tracking system.
Designed a new workflow to improve overall query performance.
Created a robust software testing platform which advanced R&D efforts.

Skills

Material Design
JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS
Material Handling
GitHub
Teamwork and Collaboration

Adaptability and Dependability
UI/UX
Communication Skills
Problem Solving Skills
Software Development Cycle

Professional Experience

Volunteer

February 2022 - May 2022
lagos, NG
Intern

Sorted and organized files and huge folders
Analyzed problems, identified solutions and made decisions.
Used JS, React to enhance website speed.
Completed research, compiled data, updated data and produced pull request via GIT.
Collaborated in professional team to solve workflow issues.
Worked on projects using knowledge gained in classes to put together recommendations for issues.

Football, Basketball

I love to play Football and Basketball during free time to relax myself with friends and for my mental health which I take seriously.